Updated restoring content article (#3826)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-Cloud/Deployment/Restoring-content/index.md

## Step-by-step

You can restore content in the following ways:

1. [Restore when starting up the project locally](#restore-when-starting-up-the-project-locally)
2. [Workspace Restore](#workspace-restore)
3. [Tree Restore](#tree-restore)
4. [Partial Restore](Partial-Restore)

### Restore when starting up the project locally

The first time you run your project locally you will have the option to restore your content and media before going to the Umbraco backoffice.

:::note
This will restore **all** the content nodes and any media dependencies.
:::

1. When your site is done spinning up, click the green *Restore* button - this will restore all content and media.
2. Wait till the process completes - this might take a while, depending on the amount of content and media you have on your project
3. When it's complete, select *Open Umbraco* to go to the backoffice.
4. You will now see all your content and media in the Umbraco backoffice.

![Restore from start-up](images/Normal-Restore.gif)

### Workspace Restore

> Use this option when setting up new Cloud environments. Workspace restore option restores all the entities (content, media, forms, datasources, and prevalue sources from Umbraco Forms) of a workspace via the back office.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this option when setting up new Cloud environments. Workspace restore option restores all the entities (content, media, forms, datasources, and prevalue sources from Umbraco Forms) of a workspace via the backoffice.
```
